-- Readme

For this lab we are going to write a small program that uses some othe Java
Collection classes.  The purpose is to gain experience with the Collection
classes.  It is assumed that you have already done all previous lab exercises.

-- Setup

Use the instructions in the previous lessions to create a new directory called
"lab03" in your "labs" directory.  After you have created the directory make
sure that you "go into" the "lab03" directory (Hint: "go into x" means "change
your current directory to x").

-- Write a program

After you have setup your lab directory copy the ReadValues.java program from
the class lab03 directory into your directory. Open your copy of the file in a
text editor and locate the "TODO" comments. Follow the instructions for each
of those comments.

When you are done you should be able to compile and run the program. The
program will process two different types of lists and print out the time taken
to process the data.

-- Graphing the results

Once your program works, run it and notice the timing numbers that it
generates. Use a graphing tool to create a line chart that graphs the timing
results from both the ArrayList and the LinkedList on the same graph. You can
use any graphing tool that you have available. If you don't have one available
you can use the free tool online here:
https://www.onlinecharttool.com/graph. Be sure to select the "Line" chart
option.

On the graph you should notice a significant difference between the ArrayList
numbers and the LinkedList numbers. One of them should be linear in
performance while the other is quadratic.

-- Lab completion

To show that you have completed the lab take a screenshot of your graph that
shows the data from both lists (or save it as PDF) and email it to
mike.noel@pcc.edu. The subject line of your email should say "cs261 lab03 chart".






